Add meta descriptions to blog posts that have not been updated (#1542)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/pulumi-heart-google-cloud-platform/index.md

authors: ["luke-hoban"]
tags: ["Serverless","Kubernetes","Features","CI/CD","GCP"]
date: "2019-04-09"

> meta_desc: "Pulumi offers tooling that works with GCP's rich features for easy collaboration, sharing, and reuse. Pulumi gives you full access to the full Google Cloud Platform, including working with Kubernetes and GKE, super simple serverless with Google Cloud Functions and continuous delivery with Google Cloud Build, and managing deployments with the Pulumi Console."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: "Pulumi offers tooling that works with GCP and enables collaboration, sharing, and reuse. Pulumi gives you full access to the full Google Cloud Platform, including Kubernetes and GKE, super simple serverless with Google Cloud Functions, continuous delivery with Google Cloud Build, and managing deployments with the Pulumi Console."
```
